[OpenAPI] Spec updates for vercel-api-js (#356)
SferaDev/openapi-clients: .changeset/zdcir.md

---

> "vercel-api-js": minor
> ---
> 
> [BREAKING] Modified CreateProjectEnvVariables to specify that git branch must have target=preview

Author: ```suggestion
"vercel-api-js": patch
---

Modified CreateProjectEnvVariables to specify that git branch must have target=preview
```
